first of all I want to say happy women's
day today is that day where we can
celebrate us as a woman not as a
girlfriend not as a mom not as a sister
not as a friend simply to be a woman and
that can be celebrated in so many ways
and if you're spending today alone if
nobody sent you flowers if nobody
treated you special in a way to
celebrate that woman's day with you let
me tell you something right away it
doesn't mean that you're are less worthy
or less lovable just because you're
spending the day alone I know as women
we naturally crave closeness We crave
connection and we are wired to seek
relationships we are wired to bond we
are wired to seek emotional connection
but sometimes that need need of
connection makes us afraid of being
alone of enjoying Solitude we sacrifice
parts of ourselves in order to stay in
relationships or be simply surrounded by
people even if they do not serve us even
if it doesn't align with who we are but
honey being alone doesn't mean that you
are less worthy doesn't mean that you
are not enough if anything being then
being alone is actually an opportunity
to pour all that love you pour into
others finally into yourself we are
actually conditioned to believe that
certain experiences are only good to
experience with someone else on our side
but the truth is most of our most
transformative moments happen when you
are alone when you experience things by
yourself as a woman so so whether you
are used to do things by yourself or
this is completely new to you and makes
you feel uncomfortable this video is for
you honey hi guys welcome back to my
channel my name is michaa and today we
are going to talk about why every woman
needs to experience these things at
least once in life let's get into this
the first thing is living alone every
woman needs to EXP experience to live
alone by herself with nobody else on her
side no child no husband no boyfriend no
Mom no siblings nobody but herself there
is simply nothing that teaches you more
than living alone there is nobody
telling you things to do nobody washing
your clothes
nobody creating your routine you
actually are completely by yourself and
you need to focus on yourself there is
nobody else to focus on as women we tend
to focus on whoever is with us we want
to please them we want to be nice we
want to make them comfortable with us so
we also tend to change ourselves a bit
and when you are by yourself you explore
yourself in a completely different way
you explore yourself without any
energies without any people opinions and
let's say almost disturbances from
someone else when you live alone even if
it's not for a long time even if it's
just for a year you actually get to know
yourself from your deepest core you
learn your real habits you learn your
real Hobbies you learn what are your
real routines that fit to you to you
alone not to somebody else but to you
you simply create a space that is 100%
created by you for you when living alone
you gain independence you gain a feeling
of I am strong I can do this by myself
it doesn't mean that you have to live
for the rest of your life by yourself
but it gives you a sense of of
Independence a sense of strength that
even worst case if something happens you
already lived alone once and you managed
it once you can manage it any time in
your life and you know what it actually
makes you really proud of yourself
because you really get to know your
strength you really get to know who you
are when nobody is next to you the next
thing is travel to a new city or country
I have done that many many times I
actually love to travel alone because
every time you travel alone you gain so
much confidence you gain so much trust
in yourself and again you learn to enjoy
your time by yourself you learn what you
actually like to do when you're on
holiday with someone else when you're
traveling with someone else you always
need to compromise on something you
always need to compromise to find
something that you are both happy with
that you both would like to do and when
you're by yourself you don't have that
you can wake up when you want you can go
to see what and where you want you can
try out new things and you meet new
people you connect more with other
people because you have nobody on your
side and connecting with other people is
another so important Point as a woman
alone connecting with someone else of
course be careful be be mindful with
that but when you are in a new city or
even country by yourself it just feels
like magic every time I feel like I'm
not that confident I lost a bit of my
spark what I do is I go to another city
no I go actually to another country and
I just experience a new kind country by
myself I need to take care of myself I
need to watch out for myself I need to
be safe right I'm my own safety in
another country and when you do that
believe me honey it's changing your
whole perception of yourself and also of
the world and other people the more
cultures you see the more your mind is
expanding the more you will understand
and see of the world traveling alone is
literally the most liberating things you
can do you will literally realize how
capable and resourceful you can be when
you're by yourself and if you think
that's a lot to ask for right now to go
to another city or even another country
by yourself start with a weekend trip go
to the city next to yours and just spend
there two nights in a hotel by yourself
that's already a start and you will
already start to feel this amazing
feeling of traveling alone and you will
want more believe me the next thing is
take yourself on a luxury date I feel
like we always wait for special
occasions we always wait for someone
else to treat us but why we can do it
ourselves honestly just book your
favorite restaurant the most expensive
in your world or the most just the most
luxurious for you and simply go there by
yourself you deserve to experience
beautiful things just because and not
because of someone else you have to
start to romanticize your life even
without anyone else dress up for
yourself take the most beautiful dress
you have book that restaurant and go
there eat the most expensive meal you
can afford there sip a glass of wine or
a glass of mocktail whatever and just
enjoy me time enjoy time with yourself
at first it might feel super strange but
with time you will realize you actually
don't need external validation to feel
special to feel beautiful to feel that
magic that you have already inside of
you you are already enough you are
already deserving of luxurious dinners
you are already deserving of the love
you crave just give it to yourself the
next and fourth thing is make a big
financial decision
independently or just make enough money
to be
self-sufficient I know nowadays we all
talk about we are Queens we want to be
taken care of we want our bills be paid
and yes honey that's fine there is
nothing wrong with it but believe me
money is power there is also nothing
wrong with having your own money and
being able to take care of yourself as
women we need to be comfortable with
making big decisions big financial
decisions without waiting for permission
or approval because it's our own money
right if it's our money we don't need to
ask anyone that doesn't mean you should
say no to your husband or your boyfriend
wanting to take care of you but believe
me honey Financial Independence is
freedom it means you will never ever
have to stay in a situation where you do
not want to stay because you cannot
afford to leave and that's the biggest
gift you can give to yourself make that
Financial investment if you can can buy
a house buy an apartment if that's too
much to ask for invest in I don't know
crypto start with a little bit start
with something small start taking your
financial responsibility and start
taking it seriously the next thing is
learn a new skill or a new hobby not
because you have to not because it's
useful not because it will make you
money but because you would like to it
could be painting it could be singing it
could be learning a new language or
learning a new instrument it could be
going to ballet classes whatever it is
do it because it makes you Joy to learn
new things for me I started to go to
dance classes and it was the most
transformative time I had because I
really started to see myself and my body
and love myself and do it just because
of Joy I learned to finally have a hobby
and it was literally one of the best
things I ever did the next super simple
thing is go to a movie or go to a
concert by yourself I know it sounds
super awkward to go to a movie and to go
to a concert by yourself but honestly
once you do that you will see how free
you actually feel you can dance when you
are at a concert without feeling like
you have to impress someone that is with
you or you have to be keep playing your
role that you are in you can just be
whoever you want to be when you're by
yourself because there is anyways nobody
that knows you so many people are afraid
of this and so was I until I did it for
the first time and I tell you honey it
was amazing
you meet new people you connect or if
you don't want to connect like in a
movie you are just by yourself and there
is nobody no one that you need to talk
to you need to share your thoughts to
you are just with yourself and you
really start to enjoy spending time with
yourself and apart from this you
actually can really enjoy the experience
because there is nobody with you I I
know that sounds like you cannot enjoy
to the fullest when you are with
somebody but you mostly don't even
realize how much you are focused on
someone else when someone else is with
you you can only realize that once you
do things by yourself and then you will
see how much of the experience people
around you are actually taking it away
of course sometimes it's nicer and more
beautiful to be with someone I'm not
saying go always everywhere alone but do
it minimum once the next and seventh
thing is handle a repair in your home or
your car by yourself why do I say that
this is something as a woman we have to
experience by ourselves is because it
creates some feeling of independence of
strength when we are able to repair
something by ourselves and even if we're
not able to repair something by
ourselves we know who to call who to
contact who
to ask for help we know where to find
the solution right and solution finding
is something so masculine is something
every man is doing but sometimes when we
do that we see actually how much of Joy
it can bring I tell you nothing builds
confidence more than solving a problem
and no again it's not about never
needing support it's about knowing you
can handle it in case there is nobody
around you you are not lost you know you
have the confidence you can handle it
the next thing is go to a networking
event alone
this was such a big thing for me I did
it actually twice in my life and every
time I was like my legs were shaking I
was so nervous because I'm more of an
introvert person and I actually don't
like to just talk to strangers I don't
like to connect to people I don't know
but once I did it it brought me so many
new contacts so many insights so many
new views on life and people at the end
walking into a room full of strangers
and introducing yourself and then making
connections with people there it forces
you to build confidence you actually
cannot run away from that most people
including me are too afraid of rejection
to do this but when you push through
that
discomfort you will notice people
actually want to connect and people are
actually not as judgmental as you think
people do not judge you on what you
judge yourself people see you in a
completely different way and in a
completely different light than you do
this is so important to realize because
then you see yourself also from a
different perspective whether you
believe it or not you have something
valuable to offer and you will notice
that when you you meet different people
in your life and when you're alone on a
networking event you rely on your
confidence you rely on your energy and
you rely on your personality so when
people want to connect with you it's not
because of that one friend it's not
because of somebody else it's simply
because of you honey there is something
in you that attracts other people that
want to to connect with you this
experience is so important for career
growth is so important for expanding
your Social Circle and also in a way
it's important for expanding your social
competences and communication skills go
to an event and go there with an open
mind don't stress yourself out even if
you do not approach people believe me
people are going to approach you at the
end of to day every person is just as
human as you are and I tell you from my
experience from those two events I've
been to every time first I didn't want
to talk to anyone but after a while I
got approached a few times I got very
interesting contacts I got to know very
interesting people then I started to
talk to people I simply said to some
girls they look great I love their
outfits and some of them turn turned out
to be really big influencers to be
really well known they are almost
celebrities and now we talk now and then
with each other because at the end we
are all just human beings don't forget
that the next thing is go on a solo road
trip or simply drive by yourself I know
as women we like to be the passenger
princess we like to be driven around but
honestly you have to also know how to
drive by yourself and you have to do it
minimum once in your lifetime go for a
ride in your car and ride a bit longer I
actually don't think that a once in a
lifetime I for me personally think that
something you should really do
consistently to also be confident while
driving because driving is only so much
fun as good you can drive and as
confident you are in driving driving and
you can only get confident in driving
the more often you do it so I wouldn't
recommend to go on a solo road trip if
you are just new to driving and you
never did that before do that after you
really confident with driving and then
really enjoy the experience if you drive
the road a long way you put on really
loud music it's something so freeing
it's something so so so special you can
stop wherever whenever you want you have
that thrill of Adventure you can just
stop to look at the sunset or the clouds
you are in control of your journey and
that journey is not only a solo trip in
the car it's your life Journey that you
are in control of you can navigate life
on your own terms believe me you will
never forget that feeling of Freedom
once you are a driver another side note
yes you can be a confident driver I
don't believe in bad driver I believe
once you are training and doing it over
and over again you will be a good and
confident driver trust me I've been
through periods myself one year two
years where I have not been driving at
all and my confidence was was pretty low
that time suddenly and then I just knew
I felt it I need to get into a car and
drive again and it scared me so much in
the beginning because I was not used to
it anymore and it didn't feel something
that would make me happy but I did it I
pushed through it and the first few
times again I was super scared as I
would first start driving in my life but
after that that freedom that Joy came
again and now I know every time I feel a
bit down every time I feel like I'm
lacking a bit of confidence I'm lacking
a bit of that spark I go for a drive I
take the car and I simply go for a ride
the next and last thing is move to a new
city or country that's already very
similar to living alone and traveling to
another city city or country but honey
once you live in another country that's
another level of confidence that you
will gain through that experience moving
somewhere
new by yourself that's the biggest
confidence booster you can get it forces
you to grow to adapt and to build your
life from scratch and in that process
you realize how capable you actually are
I have done that twice in my life as
well and it was the most transforming
experience I actually had this was so
special to me to live the first time I
was moving to Barcelona and Barcelona
was so transformative for me I actually
got to know myself there I was healing
from my eating disorder there I was by
myself I knew nobody there I I didn't
even speak that language I didn't have a
job I didn't really have savings I
simply went there and I never looked
back I just took my stuff and moved to
Barcelona I tell you honey it was so
transformative I got to know a new
culture it was the first time in my
lifetime I really got to know a new
culture I was not traveling a lot when I
was younger so to move to a new country
was humbling was a confidence boost
was teaching me so so many life lessons
and was healing me from a different
level and if I was again in my 18 19
years old I would do it over and over
again I have experienced stuff when I
was alone in Spain where I really
learned that I need to rely on myself I
learned to love my body I learned to
love myself I learned to love life
because before that I didn't really
enjoyed to live I didn't really enjoy to
live in my body and that was my first
step to healing and to getting to know
myself and getting to know other people
that was my first step to getting to
know another version of myself that was
not introvert bir because when you are
in another country you don't know
anybody nothing is similar to the
version of you in that previous country
you really learn to discover yourself
new from a completely different
perspective and you adapt new mindsets
from different cultures you adapt new
things and you see oh this actually fits
to me you can only change so much as
your environment does and if you are in
an environment where is not much growth
and change happening like the city I'm
coming from nobody there is open-minded
nobody there is going out of the country
even nobody there is really open for
growth I would say and to move to
another country was really lifechanging
for me and after you do it once you have
no problem to do it another time another
time and another time after 3 years in
Spain I moved back to my city and then I
moved to Dubai and Dubai was another
experience another culture on the other
side of the world you will think the
second time it's more easy it actually
was not more easy it was the same
frightening it was the same scary move I
did did but it was so worth it again I
got to know new versions of me I got to
know a new culture I got to know new
languages if you're thinking about
moving to another city I can recommend
just book that holiday first book that
holiday to that City you want to be in
and once you are there opportunities
will open up for you if you want to stay
in that country in the City believe me
opportunities will open up for you God
will make it happen I want you to know
honey everything I have shared today is
about one thing only it's about learning
to trust and enjoy yourself because the
more you do that the less you settle the
less you seek validation from outside
sources and the more you know your worth
if any of these experiences feel scary
to you that's exactly why you need to do
it because everything that is scary is
outside of your comfort zone and what
happens outside of your comfort zone
growth outside of your comfort zone
happens growth confidence and the magic
that you are waiting for I think it's so
so important for a woman to be confident
and to know whatever happens you know
you can do it yourself you can survive
yourself it's one thing to be able to
survive and it's another thing to know
that you are able to survive you will
never ever have to settle for something
that doesn't serve you anymore if you
have done all of these 10 things minimum
once in your lifetime start and pick
only one thing from the list and
challenge yourself and when you do come
back and tell me how it changed you when
you did already let me know in the
comments let me know in a message on
Instagram what you did and how much it
changed your life anyways guys I hope
this could help some of you thank you so
so much for watching I love you so much
see you in my next video bye-bye